faculty member office_location
lecturer whereabouts
email-id of prof
lecturer office location
mail id of professor
teaching office_location
lecturer email id
email of teaching
teacher meeting timings
teacher room number
lecturer advising timings
advising_timings of lecturer
educator email_address
faculty advising timings
email address of professor
office timings of lecturer
teacher when
professor room no
professor advising timings
room no of supervisor
faculty mail id
teacher advising time
whereabouts of educator
mail_id of teaching
advising hours of instructor
faculty desk
supervisor email-id
work station of instructor
room_no of faculty
educator advising_timings
faculty room no
educator office
teacher meeting hours
prof email address
faculty member office timings
meeting_timings of lecturer
professor work station
teaching advising hours
faculty name
office_timings of supervisor
teaching office_hours
professor email address
faculty member office hours
advising timings of adviser
room_no of supervisor
advising timings of faculty member
meeting_hours of faculty member
lecturer desk
professor office timings
advising time of instructor
meeting timings of teaching
advising timings of prof
faculty email-address
educator email id
faculty office location
prof office location
professor email_id
work station of lecturer
supervisor email address
educator advising_time
advising hours of faculty
professor mail id
lecturer e-mail
lecturer room_no
educator email-id
faculty office_location
office timings of supervisor
instructor email_id
professor office_location
email of educator
faculty meeting hours
teaching meeting hours
supervisor whereabouts
email of professor
teacher advising_timings
office_timings of teacher
meeting timings of professor
when of professor
when of faculty member
office of faculty
advising time of educator
mail id of faculty member
supervisor advising_time
teacher office_location
prof meeting hours
office_hours of adviser
office hours of teacher
supervisor advising time
lecturer advising_time
instructor office timings
educator e-mail
prof whereabouts
email-address of instructor
adviser office hours
educator room no
email id of teacher
lecturer meeting timings
room no of prof
professor working_hours
advising time of prof
email_address of professor
room number of educator
lecturer work station
email-address of faculty member
e-mail of faculty member
supervisor mail_id
lecturer advising hours
supervisor work station
teaching email-address
office_timings of educator
professor advising_hours
name of supervisor
email id of faculty
email-id of teaching
room_no of teacher
office_timings of faculty
teacher email_address
email-id of supervisor
email-address of adviser
e-mail of supervisor
office timings of teaching
teaching email id
work station of adviser
lecturer meeting_hours
name of faculty
working hours of supervisor
professor meeting_timings
lecturer meeting hours
advising_timings of educator
email address of instructor
teacher email address
office_hours of supervisor
room no of faculty member
prof e-mail
professor advising hours
advising_timings of teaching
prof email_id
room no of educator
educator meeting_timings
name of educator
teaching advising_time
supervisor email-address
mail_id of prof
prof mail id
faculty advising time
teacher room_no
meeting timings of lecturer
prof meeting timings
email of prof
teacher email id
instructor email
faculty office_hours
advising_hours of prof
supervisor office timings
faculty member email-id
instructor office_hours
supervisor when
teaching room_no
adviser mail_id
prof email id
faculty member when
e-mail of teaching
faculty member advising_timings
